about.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: "/about/"
top_image: "/uploads/22-04-21-hsbc-broken-windows_gareth-morris-3-small.jpg"
image: "/uploads/RIPS-square.jpeg"
order: 1

---
# Rebels in Prison Support

**Exists to support activists in prison in the UK.**

For necessary action on the climate emergency we need to see hundreds of individuals in prison before the year is out and RIPS Rebels in Prison Support exists to support activists wanting to take that next step of action.

RIPS is an independent organisation set up by individuals from Extinction Rebellion, Burning Pink & other independent groups.

Support we offer: sending packages of exercises & activities, forwarding (& paying for) emails from wellwishers around the world, keeping your story alive on the outside, financial support for commissary in prison, a support network from volunteers to keep everyone necessary in the loop

## Who do we support?

Although set up to support climate activists, RIPS will support any individual in prison for law-breaking pushing for political change. We will support any non-violent action defined by no intentional damage to a human or animal body.

## How it started

For years I’ve accompanied my Mum, Susan Reid, on peaceful protests, aiming to protect the environment or any beings who dwell upon it. In the process I have been overwhelmed and inspired by all the incredibly compassionate, selfless souls out there, who, just like my Mum, are determined to make changes for the benefits of others, even risking sacrificing their freedoms and being “thrown on the peoples scrap heap" (Tracey Mallaghan – another inspiration and wonderful woman!).

I just couldn’t bear the thought of any of these brave, beautiful beings suffering in the hands of what we call the “justice system” for carrying out these political acts, that are being done out of love, compassion and duty of care for others.

There is a lot of time, work and effort put into these actions, and none of these decisions are taken lightly and can cause a whole range of emotions for our activists, as you can see in [this moving video](https://vimeo.com/540341848).

After witnessing such emotional scenes like this, I couldn’t shake the feeling that I had to do something to support them through their time inside. Try to bring some colour and a bit of peace and positivity into their cells, just do whatever I could to support them. So the letters began...

When I first reached out for support, Gabbriella Ditton immediately replied with all sorts of fantastic ideas of how else we could support future rebels, and has been a constant source of inspiration and motivation for which I’m eternally grateful.

Many thanks to [Joe Irving](https://joe.irving.me.uk) for swiftly creating this amazing website, and helping us create databases for our rebels.

To G.J for contributing all the lovely artwork and poems, and all your continued support and suggestions.

To The Prison Phoenix Trust for giving me access to all their wonderful work made especially for prisoners.

And to all the rebels and their supporters out there making the movement move.

Commit message:

Update from Forestry.io Gabriella Ditton updated about.md

about.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: "/about/"
top_image: "/uploads/22-04-21-hsbc-broken-windows_gareth-morris-3-small.jpg"
image: "/uploads/RIPS-square.jpeg"
order: 1

---
# Rebels in Prison Support

**Exists to support activists in prison in the UK.**

**What we spend money on:**

\- Emails to send and reply via emailaprisoner.com  
\- Commissary Money  
\- Sending people things in prison (printing & postage)  
\- Website + hosting  
\- Transport + Expenses  
\- In the future it would be nice to offer legal support

For necessary action on the climate emergency we need to see hundreds of individuals in prison before the year is out and RIPS Rebels in Prison Support exists to support activists able to take that next step of action.

RIPS is an independent organisation set up by individuals from Extinction Rebellion, Burning Pink & other independent groups.

## Who do we support?

Although set up to support climate activists, RIPS will support any individual in prison for law-breaking pushing for political change. We will support any non-violent action defined by no intentional damage to a human or animal body.

## How it started

For years I’ve accompanied my Mum, Susan Reid, on peaceful protests, aiming to protect the environment or any beings who dwell upon it. In the process I have been overwhelmed and inspired by all the incredibly compassionate, selfless souls out there, who, just like my Mum, are determined to make changes for the benefits of others, even risking sacrificing their freedoms and being “thrown on the peoples scrap heap" (Tracey Mallaghan – another inspiration and wonderful woman!).

I just couldn’t bear the thought of any of these brave, beautiful beings suffering in the hands of what we call the “justice system” for carrying out these political acts, that are being done out of love, compassion and duty of care for others.

There is a lot of time, work and effort put into these actions, and none of these decisions are taken lightly and can cause a whole range of emotions for our activists, as you can see in [this moving video](https://vimeo.com/540341848).

After witnessing such emotional scenes like this, I couldn’t shake the feeling that I had to do something to support them through their time inside. Try to bring some colour and a bit of peace and positivity into their cells, just do whatever I could to support them. So the letters began...

When I first reached out for support, Gabriella Ditton immediately replied with all sorts of fantastic ideas of how else we could support future rebels, and has been a constant source of inspiration and motivation for which I’m eternally grateful.

Many thanks to [Joe Irving](https://joe.irving.me.uk) for swiftly creating this amazing website, and helping us create databases for our rebels.

To G.J for contributing all the lovely artwork and poems, and all your continued support and suggestions.

To The Prison Phoenix Trust for giving me access to all their wonderful work made especially for prisoners.

And to all the rebels and their supporters out there making the movement move.
